hey everybody its austere three here and
I just wanted to give a very important
update that's coming to the PS Vita
because minecraft is coming out and it's
going to be the full system it's going
to be a full system version coming to
the Vita so it's going to be a big thing
it's going to be the only portable
device it's not going to be Pocket
Edition like your phone or your tablet
that's all Pocket Edition it's not the
full system the Vita will be portable
and have the full system so it's going
to be big and this can increase the Vita
sales when it's coming out that's a very
good question i looked on ing and
minecraft wiki and as many websites as I
could find and googled it about a
thousand times and I found out that the
most likely time for it to come out is
either late februari or in somewhere in
March I'm guessing that the latest time
it's going to come out it will be March
30th which I'm not looking forward to I
wanted to actually come out as soon as
possible by the way the pictures on your
screen are from the trailer of of
minecraft the PS Vita so the price how
it came out on ps3 on 27 17th and it was
twenty dollars I've actually played it
it's a lot of fun ps3 so I'm guessing
it'll be just as fun as on the Vita and
so it was 20 its twenty dollars and i'm
not sure what they're going to be doing
with this because if the Vita is the
only portable device with full minecraft
on a portable system they might charge
twenty-five dollars but if its pocket
edition or if they're trying to increase
sales of Vita so they might make a
cheaper and make it fifteen dollars but
I'm going to leave it at an average of
twenty dollars but don't get me wrong if
I'm five dollars off
the Vita will system link will it I
don't know but it's definitely a big
possibility and if it can that would be
amazing like let's say you're going away
from your ps3 for a week on a no family
vacation or you're going to camp
somewhere and you want to bring your
Vita with you and that's fine so you can
play Minecraft wherever you are and when
you come back to your ps3 it won't be it
on your ps3 i'll be on your Vita so
system link would allow you to take the
files that is on your Vita let's say you
made a huge roller coaster while you are
out and just put it on to your ps3 and
that would be a very big thing that
you're able to do also i forget i left
out that if minecraft comes out on PS
vita which will you'll you will have to
buy it again you can't just buy it on
the ps3 and you'll get it for free on
the ps4 or the vita you're going to have
to you're going to have to buy it again
which is a downside but i think it's
worth it personally i'm going to get it
again and it's a great game minecraft
and subscribe to my channel austra 313
on youtube and if you want to see some
minecraft coming out first thing on PS
vita also another thing the way how it's
coming out if you're going to get it on
xbox there are two ways you can get it
you can buy the actual disc in a store
or you can download it on the xbox store
and but on ps3 I have not I don't even
know if there is a disc version i think
that you can only download it so on vida
here's a good question if it's going to
be on disk like the little chip that it
goes into the top left or will it be
you'll have to only download it
downloading is fine with me but if you
already took up a lot space of your
memory card with music or videos it
might be bad but you know I'm willing to
go with it downloading games actually
load faster so that it would still work
for me if you have any other questions
post them in the comments please
subscribe if you want to see some nice
good gameplay coming out when it does
and please like this video thank you for
watching